docs: fix article "Add a File" to guide the user to click resource name and to use the tabs (#910)
devopness/devopness: docs/files/add-file.md

1. On Devopness, navigate to a project then select an environment
1. Find the `Applications` card
1. Click `View` in the `Applications` card to see a list of existing `Applications`

> 1. In the list of applications, find the application where you want to add a configuration and click the `NAME` of the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the list of applications, find the application to which you want to add a configuration and click the `NAME` of the application
```

Author: Fixed!

1. Click the `CONFIGURATION FILES` tab

> 1. On the right corner of the applications tab click `MANAGE`

Reviewer 2: In cases like this other articles, as [Add Pipeline](https://www.devopness.com/docs/pipelines/add-pipeline/) [1], use the tab name

```suggestion
1. On the right corner of the configuration files tab click `MANAGE`
```

[1]

https://github.com/devopness/devopness/blob/1226718ee38cf9d5ab3ee64e85d334642468e938/docs/pipelines/add-pipeline.md?plain=1#L21

Author: Ok, fixed!
